README.md, before:

# React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) (or [oxc](https://oxc.rs) when used in [rolldown-vite](https://vite.dev/guide/rolldown)) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## React Compiler

The React Compiler is not enabled on this template because of its impact on dev & build performances. To add it, see [this documentation](https://react.dev/learn/react-compiler/installation).

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend using TypeScript with type-aware lint rules enabled. Check out the [TS template](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/tree/main/packages/create-vite/template-react-ts) for information on how to integrate TypeScript and [`typescript-eslint`](https://typescript-eslint.io) in your project.

Commit message:

Revise README for productivity app details
Updated README to reflect new features and tech stack.

README.md, after:

# Productivity App

A modern productivity dashboard that helps you stay organized and motivated. Track your tasks, build lasting habits, and manage your calendar—all in one interface.

**Built in collaboration with [@lukasdannemann](https://github.com/lukasdannemann) and [@emmywennersten](https://github.com/emmywennersten)**

## Features

- **Task Management** - Create and track todos with deadlines, mark them complete, and view your latest incomplete tasks
- **Habit Tracking** - Build and maintain daily habits with repetition tracking to measure your consistency
- **Event Planning** - Schedule and view upcoming events with date ranges
- **Motivational Quotes** - Start each day with inspiration from a random quote
- **User Authentication** - Secure signup and login system
- **Personalized Dashboard** - Quick overview showing your top 3 tasks, habits, and upcoming events

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: React 19 with React Router for navigation
- **Build Tool**: Vite for fast development and optimized builds
- **State Management**: React Context API (UserContext, TodoContext, HabitsContext, EventContext)
- **Styling**: CSS Modules for component-scoped styles

## Getting Started

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start development server
npm run dev

# Build for production
npm run build
